# Open Frequency Generator Mobile Application
American scientist Royal Raymond Rife invented the Rife machine. It produces an energy similar to radio waves.   Rife’s machine built on the work of Dr. Albert Abrams. Abrams believed every disease has its own electromagnetic frequency. He suggested doctors could kill diseased or cancerous cells by sending an electrical impulse identical to the cell’s unique electromagnetic frequency. This theory is sometimes called radionics.

# What does the research say?
In the 1920s, Scientific American magazine formed a committee to investigate Abrams’ claims about radionics. The committee found his conclusions were not substantiated. There also haven’t been any large, controlled clinical trials to evaluate Rife machines or similar devices.

Some people use Rife machines because they believe cancer is caused by bacteria and viruses. However, this is only part of the explanation for cancer causing agents.

In the 1990s, people began selling Rife machines as part of a multilevel marketing scheme. They used customer testimonials and anecdotal evidence to support claims about the machine. Rife machines haven’t gone through the same rigorous testing procedures other cancer treatments have. And there’s no research that suggests they work.

But, researchers recently started experimenting with radiofrequency EMFs to treat cancer. They’ve concluded low-frequency electromagnetic waves do affect tumors and don’t impact noncancerous cells. Research is still in the early stages. And there haven’t been any human studies. The studies also use different radiofrequencies than those generated by Rife machines.

# What does the research say?
Rife machines and similar devices likely don’t pose any major health risks. This is because the energy waves they use have a very low frequency. The frequency is lower than that of waves emitted by cell phones. But there have been accounts of shocks and skin rashes associated with Rife machines.

The biggest risk involved with Rife machines and other alternative treatments, like hydrogen peroxide, comes from delaying more effective medical treatments like chemotherapy. In 1997, a man died four months after he started using a Rife machine instead of chemotherapy to treat his cancer. In 2004, a 32-year-old man died from testicular cancer after he refused surgery in favor of using a Rife machine. The owners of the health clinic that sold him the device were sentenced in Federal court for fraud. The open source solution is for research and development purposes only.


# Contact
Development of the Open Rife-Frequency-Generator Project is facilitated by myself.
Contact Stephen on shakings@hotmail.co.za if you'd like to get involved in the project or if you have questions about the project.
